Author: Jing Yu 
Andrew ID: jingyu

The readme is about NTAP and improment on the transformer on features.

1. NTAP

(1) Addding narrative text on the comment place, you can see it when open with edit mode in PPT. 

(2) For it is for the non audience, when take example for decision tree, I do not use the case on the project first but use a whether forecast example to introduce deciosn tree concept to audience.

(3) In addition to the ppt template, also adding a slide to explain what I learned and experienced in these projects.


2. Tansformers and estimators from the Spark ML Pipelines framework.

Reference : http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html#transformers

            https://spark.apache.org/docs/1.5.1/ml-features.

            html#vectorassembler 

            (some codes also refer to them)

About feature transformer selecting and comparsion 

(1)A Transformer is an abstraction that includes feature transformers and learned models. Technically, a Transformer implements a method transform(), which converts one DataFrame into another, generally by appending one or more columns

(2) An Estimator abstracts the concept of a learning algorithm or any algorithm that fits or trains on data

(3) Spark ML Estimators and Transformers use a uniform API for specifying parameters.

(4)  This page https://spark.apache.org/docs/1.5.1/ml-features.html list many feature transformers, below is my basic comparsion and consideration 

     A. Tokenizer, StopWordsRemover, n-gram are mostly used in text processing, not suitable for my features
     but may be thay can be used with TF-IDF , Word2Vec in next project  :) 

     B. Binarizer is used for binary feature, not suitable this time 

     C. PCA can use an orthogonal transformation to convert a set of observations of possibly correlated variables into a set of values of linearly uncorrelated variables called principal components. Suitable and works well for this project.

     D. StringIndexer is related encoding, not suitable 

     E.OneHotEncoder is related to binary vectors, not suitable

     F.VectorIndexer is related much to vector indics, not suitable

     G. Normalizer, StandardScaler, MinMaxScaler  are also not suitable, for we do not need normalize and standarize, min-maxize our feature data 

     H. VectorAssembler is useful for combining raw features and features generated by different feature transformers into a single feature vector, not suitable. 
 
(5)  Insight and actionable information
     
     Through the result is not much improve, but this feature transformers and estimators can be used effciently and easily in different feature reuiqrements. This can let researcher focus on analysis instead of transforming themselves. 

     They also can be autimitically used after feature extrator, so the pipeline framework will be done.
